Myth 1. Ideas come in a flash.
Ideas may feel like they come in a flash, but it's actually after your brain has done a lot of work.
If you get frustrated and can't seem to figure out a certain problem or get past a certain limitation in your understanding,
moving to a break state can actually help your brain work on it.
That's where walking away and taking a shower can help.
This is also why sleeping on a problem
And the best way to use this mode of thinking is to first do
focused mode work on the problem before letting your brain wander.
Otherwise, you have nothing to diffuse.
Diffuse mode thinking can also help you avoid Einstellung, German for mindset.
This is where you can't solve a problem
because you're stuck seeing it only through the lens of a prior idea.
Allowing your brain to wander, even for just a short while,
can help you come at a problem from a new angle.